See that private school
education paid off.
It's called a political conscience, ed.
You wouldn't understand.
Called vandalism.
You know, it'll be people like you first
against the wall when
the revolution comes.
People like us, you mean.
Working class
is a state of mind.
Tell that to the working class.
You know, this type of
anti-social behavior
is text book acting out.
Do you need hug?
Get off.
Why can't you take me seriously?
I do just not very.
You've got that face.
You know I don't like it
when you get that face.
You stop that face right now Dylan.
Oh, grow a pair, you
great steaming Nancy.
Dylan, that wasn't a dare.
Dylan, stop, Dylan.
Stop Dylan.
Absolutely do not do that Dylan whiteman.
How are we gonna smash the state
if you always do what
they tell you, Eddie.
Dylan, this is gonna be three strikes.
Three strikes.
Viva la revolution.
Dylan.
Crap my life.
Leg it.
0l.
J it's one, it's Friday and
you know what that means »
j when you work for the weekend
j and live for the dream j
jyou can roba Cary
j drive towua
j nobody can stop you,
nobody can say anything 2»
jatalljs
j anything j
j find yourself humming a guitar tune 2»
j while your life's running run 2»
j reliving your youth 2»
2 you could leave it all 2»
j break away and cut loose »
j drum right on my plain old
dig and bunch of balloons j»
j yeah anything »
jatalljs
j anything j
j you on the floor
on a Friday night 2»
j shots at the bar till
we feel all right »
j one last time
before we gotto go »
j one last laugh before
you carry me home 2»
j we'll never go home yeah »
j one last shot,
propping up the bar 7
j one last shot
before we fall apart j
j we'll never go home yeah »
j one last shot,
propping up the bar 7
j one last shot
before we fall apart j
j we'll never go home, oh
no we'll never go home »
j oh no, we'll never go home 2
There's no designation zero zero nine
rules zed Alpha.
You stand accused of
rebellion against the laws
of the galaxy,
and I find you guilty, guilty.
Guilty.
We recognize no law.
We follow where chaos leads us.
Your kind are pestilence
spreading death and
destruction across the stars.
For the benefit of sane
life forms everywhere,
you will be executed,
and your metal reduced
to inanimate sludge.
Disintegrate her.
Chaos provides.
Maximum power restore.
Do you wanna go to jail?
Cant be worse than boarding school.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure it can.
I'm just making a statement.
You know, driving my point home.
What point?
You have no point,
you are, in fact, completely pointless.
Maybe my point is there is no point.
You're such an attention seeker.
Here's Dylan choking on a cigar,
waving her flame thrower around
and then you act all surprised
that everything's on,
you act all surprised
everything's on fire.
It's just how I express.
It's not my fault
we get oppressed for it.
1s this who you wanna
be when you grow up?
Dick head.
Ow.
Anarchists, eh?
Hey, I'm Rick.
I'm in a band.
Oh, fuck off.
Ignore rebel without a clue.
She doesn't get enough affection.
Oh, you can fuck off too.
Wearing one of my t shirts.
No, I'm not.
I'm wearing one of my t shirts.
One of my designs.
I designed this one.
Anarchy rules with a zed.
You did not design
the symbol for anarchy.
He might have, how would you know?
Oh, what has happened to your brain?
Vandalism, resisting arrest,
assaulting a police officer,
now that's quite an
accomplishment for one night,
even for you two.
It's called freedom of expression, Sam..
Shut up.
Google it.
Oh.
Hey, man, sup?
It's called felony,
and it usually comes with jail time,
but lucky for you too,
all charges have been dropped
and you're free to go.
Dropped, how?
Stop talking.
Just say thank you to the nice policeman
for not putting us in jail.
Please.
Don't thank me.
You're in a lot of trouble young lady.
Crap my life.
Put you in private schools
and this is what they turn out,
your mother would roll in her grave.
She'd understand.
She wasn't a fascist.
I'm just gonna not be here.
You're not a damn kid anymore, Dylan.
It's time you started thinking
about the consequences of your actions.
I'm running on a law and order platform,
for Christ's sake.
Sorry to be an embarrassment.
The next time you screw up,
you're on your own.
J sing sing after you sing 2
What the smeg?
There's arent normal
nocturnal lights, velma.
Genuine ufos, possibly containing genuine
little green men.
Remember, the prime directive.
J acceptance of evil now 2»
j hang rock, kill »
j we're not saying j
j saving up for the, saving them »
what's the matter?
What's eating you?
Shit, that was close.
Hey.
Oh, bitch face
letting you go early?
Haha ha.
She's letting me work from home.
Wow, she's getting soft.
Must have got a root or something.
Wow, you just made me wanna puke
until I pass out.
Help me.
Whoa.
You all right?
Feed me.
She's hungry.
I've only really been
eating from that side.
Help me get her up.
It's all right, we've got you.
Chaos infinitum.
J the devil ina pretty
gown free, that's me »
j witha little bird with a pesky beak
j little bitty nothing
and the Poppy front 2
j I'm not fucking no boys »
j I'm gonna run you down
j all these little scouts »
j pretty's gonna get you 2»
j gonna cut her off 2»
j squeeze some dynamite »
j pretty's gonna get you 2»
j probably before a
massacre happens tonight »
They're good, don't you think?
Yeah, if you like piss way posers.
Oh look, her comes Dixie now.
- Hey, guys.
- Hi.
My two favorite anarchists.
All right, you made
it out of Scarlet 13.
Yes.
Yeah.
We know how to work the system.
- Anarchy.
- Yeah.
Your sound was just so...
Sonic.
Thanks, babe.
You got a favorite song?
Yeah.
You know that one about the puppy farms.
Like puppy farming is
so wrong, am I right, d?
- Oh, yeah.
- Yes.
Gotta love those puppies.
There's one of those puppy farms
just down the road.
Yeah, yeah.
- No.
Oh my god, I didn't know that.
It's terrible.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it
makes me so mad, you know,
I made at shirt especially.
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh, gee, that'll learn 'em.
Yeah, hey, that's just stage one,
stage two is the raid.
Raid?
Done it before, free the puppies.
- That sounds exciting.
- Yeah.
Can we help?
We.
Shut up, Dylan.
Yeah, we'd do anything to help the poor
little defenseless little puppies.
Why do you keep saying we?
Could be a little dangerous.
That's okay.
- I actually...
- You know?
Know kung fu.
- Well.
- So.
Hey, maybe we could
case the joint, you know,
if you're keen?
Oh, I'm keen all right.
Oh my god, she's keen for your cock.
It's as plain as the face
on a Bulgarian pin up.
Could you just excuse
me just for one second?
Oh, my boots.
Can you pick us up from my place?
J you can't find me »
Feed me, drown me.
Chaos.
Infinitum.
Fucking senorita, you dumb cunt, god.
Ugh, idiot.
Now, what's on the menu for today?
Ah, abit of pebo, hit
'em high, hit 'em low,
hit 'em with your old pebo.
Oh, no, wait, I know,
how about a maybe she's born with it,
maybe it's maybelline, yes.
All righty, then, who's next?
Chaos provides.
You've been trying on
hats for like, 300 hours.
How can it matter how
much what's on your head?
It's called style, Dylan,
you wouldn't understand.
You don't care what
happens at a puppy farm.
Probably don't even know, I bet.
Yeah, I do know.
It's where they grow all the puppies.
I'm joking.
I know allabout it, I
picked up this leaflet.
Oh.
Oh my god, Dylan, what is your problem?
Alittle break and enter,
damaging corporate property,
rescuing poor little oppressed puppies,
thought this would be
right up your flag pole.
I'm the one that gets
us into trouble, not you.
You're ruining my sense of self.
You know, there are
other ways to get him
to stick it in you a
wriggle it around abit.
Oh, stop.
Look, if you won't do it for me,
will you do it for the puppies?
Come on, let's free
these fucking puppies, now.
Ooh, how do I look?
Like abitch in heat.
This is bigger than roswell,
this is bigger than roswell and
whistle and Brazil combined.
Get a grip, velma.
Play your cards right,
you'll be on the cover of
disclosure magazine for sure.
This is the place.
We're here.
What is it?
Lysergic acid.
Better not.
No?
I'm really good, thank you.
Let's go.
Down, down.
The security guard's not at the front,
that gives us exactly four minutes.
If either of you see or hear anything,
give me the signal.
What signal?
Ca caw.
Ca caw?
Let's go.
Bolt cutters.
1 cant even do my own laundry,
why would I have bolt cutters?
I said come equipped.
1 did, I brought this.
We can't open that with this.
Give me one of your hair pins.
I don't have any.
So what do we
do when we get inside?
We find the evidence to close down
this torture factory.
I thought it was a puppy farm.
Didnt you read my leaflet?
I skimmed part of it.
We're in.
Did anyone else hear that?
You sure you know where we're going?
I feel like we're definitely lost.
Is that a map?
Oh my god, thank
god, you brought a map.
This isn't a map.
It's ablueprint of a
romulan space vagina.
What do we do now?
Let's go over here.
Oh.
What?
Oh crap my life.
- Oh.
- Oh my god.
I thought you had done this before.
I have, I have.
What do you mean?
1 just don't know, no, no.
Get your shit together.
Don't know what it's like...
Ca caw.
Not now Eddie.
No, I mean, ca caw.
Look, lady, we don't want any trouble,
but there's three of
us and only one of you.
And I know kung fu.
So we can do this the easy way
or the hard way.
Your call.
The easy way.
There's no reception.
- Bomb.
- Yes.
Rick, do something.
Oh, should have been more specific.
Dylan.
Fuck you.
- What the hell?
- What?
This is bullshit, why
won't you die, bitch?
We've gotta get out of here.
But what about the puppies?
Fuck the puppies.
Wait, Dylan, Dylan.
What?
What about Rick?
Screw that guy, he's on his own.
No, you don't understand.
He's got the car keys.
Crap my life.
All right, come on.
So who's next?
Eenie, meenie, minie, you.
Taco, nachos.
Oh crap.
Ca caw.
Are you eating a puppy?
I was hungry, do you want some?
You're eating chemicals
I've injected into those.
They're not organic or
free range or nothing.
Just ugh.
Yuck.
Good luck.
What the hell is she doing?
I don't know.
So long as whatever that is
stays away from us, I don't care.
Come on, let's go find prick.
You mean Rick?
I know what I mean.
Chicken shit could be anywhere.
This place is creepy.
Ca caw.
Are you high?
I'm doing the plan.
Is it aplan to get us killed?
Do we look dead?
I'm about this close to killing myself.
Just because it was my
plan and not your plan.
We always have to do what Dylan says.
You always have to be the leader.
Why don't you stick to
something you're good at,
ed, like matching colors.
Ca caw.
Ha.
Don't be smug.
Okay, then, come on, be quiet.
Ca caw.
Would you please stop doing that?
We've gotta do something.
Ca caw.
Like, I don't know, come
up with an escape plan
or something practical like that.
Genius.
I am, thanks for noticing.
You really think they're aliens?
What do you think they're
gonna do, anal probe us?
That's an interesting theory.
No!
Oh shit.
You've got that face.
You know, I don't like it
when you get that face, Dylan.
Son of a bitch must pay.
Dylan, that face always
gets us into trouble.
That hit the spot.
Excuse me.
I'd like to distract you for a second.
From what?
From me.
Get off.
Hey, it worked.
Piece of piss.
Yeah, you know, there's
always a simple trick
with these things,
and once you know it it's like...
Ca caw.
Yo, groomer bitch.
Try picking on someone my size.
Hi, I'm Dylan, this is Eddie.
We're here to rescue you.
Can we just focus?
Let's get out of here.
Yeah, we're getting to that.
First we can do what
we came here to do,
I'm gonna free the damn puppies.
Oh, the mobile.
Look, clearly this hunk of
junk isnt going anywhere.
Come on, short round.
Hold your smoking horses.
I've gotta get the biological samples
that are from the crash site.
What crash site?
No one said anything about a crash site.
Listen carefully.
This is a classic close
encounter of the seventh kind.
Based on what I've observed,
there's an extraterrestrial cyborg
and it's casting mind controlling thrall
over everyone.
That's what I guess
until I can analyze everything
with my continuum flux capacitor.
Are you off your meds?
1 am.
Yeah, I'd like to go,
Dylan, thanks.
Look, do whatever you need to do faster,
eggplant, you're wasting time.
You'll thank me later.
This is exactly what we need
to initiate first contact protocols
with our intergalactic interloper.
Hey, you know, calm your
tits, Princess delusions
of grandeur, alien
interlopers not withstanding,
we're not about to do anything right now
except save our own collective asses.
- Yes.
- You got that?
- Now let's book.
That means leave.
- Oh shit.
- Robo bitch.
Get them.
We still have your fucking glasses.
Is everyone okay?
Where's Rick?
We'd better go get him.
Oh, fuck that guy.
He still has the keys.
Seriously, fuck that guy.
He waited.
Eddie, no.
Rick.
Oh my god.
How the fuck aren't you dead yet?
Yeah, bitch.
Eddie, use this.
Fuck yeah.
How many times for
little worms, bitches.
- Dylan.
- Hey.
Eat this.
Come on, smack heads.
Eddie.
Fuck you.
We need more of that slime.
There is no more slime.
Yes.
Bitch.
Oh, what are you guys doing?
Dylan!
Crap, help me!
Oh help.
Are we clear?
Yeah, we're clear.
Where are we gonna go?
We can't go to the police.
They think I'm a crazy person.
Here.
Want some?
No.
It's good for the thrall.
Take us to city hall.
Everyone out there seems to be
under some sort of evil mind control.
- Mind control?
- No, no.
That's alien thrall.
Possibly alien thrall, whatever,
and they're all wearing
these cybernetic plugs
in their eyes,
and this Mexican guy killed Rick
with a whipper snipper and...
With a whipper snipper.
But then we found this green slime.
No, no, that's the alien secretions.
- The secretions.
- Yes.
The green slime.
And, there was,
that's non-cybernetic.
Yes, ah ha.
Green alien slime,
and it pretty much just melted him.
Ugh, it was like...
The wicked witch in the west.
Just like, just got on them
and it was like.
Anyway.
We're in big trouble.
And we really...
I really need your help.
Please.
Dad.
Get her out of my sight.
- What, hold on.
- What?
- Wait aminute.
- We've got proof.
- Oh my god.
- What are you doing?
- The spaceships.
- The slime.
Dad, this is way more important
than your stupid election.
They're probably
going tokill us all.
- Do you realize?
- The aliens are here.
- Excuse me.
- The aliens.
- Help me.
- They're gonna kill us all.
You don't think I'm
gonna throw the book at you
this time?
Dad won't let that happen.
You haven't heard his new slogan?
Well, turns out that no
one is above the law,
and believe it or not,
that includes family.
Guess you cant fight city hall,
even if your dad is the mayor.
Has anyone from the animal shelter
called to report abreak in or anything?
Have you got in contact
with this Rick guy yet?
Just see if he's got any
friends around town, would you?
Hello.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
We have to find a way of communicating
with the alien.
It's obviously intelligent.
We need to be
able to reason with it.
Well, we're locked up.
The little eggplant's right.
We need to bust qurselves out of here
and save the world.
We are it.
Are you stupid?
Maybe you haven't been paying attention
to current events, but we kicked
some pretty serious butt back there.
Yeah, you know what?
And we're lucky to be alive.
This isn't a game.
I know it's not a game, Dylan.
People are dead,
and more people are gonnadie
if we don't do something about it.
What do I care if some
fucking rich old men
get killed by acyborg alien?
Why should I care about that?
Jesus Christ, when are
you ever gonna grow up?
Fuck you.
Fuck you, Dylan.
You think you're special
just because your mom died
and your dad doesn't love you anymore.
That's not even unusual.
Boo fucking hoo for you.
Fuck, Eddie, I'm sorry.
It's fine.
I just got angry.
- It's fine, just...
- I'm sorry, Eddie.
Just leave me alone.
Are you okay?
Fuck no.
Now we're cool.
We're cool right, yeah?
We're totally fine, you fucking fine.
Fuck.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Okay.
Just because you put more a's in there
doesn't make it a threat.
Hat's coming off, bitch.
Time out, time out.
Joke.
Ow.
Have you had enough yet?
Yes, I've had enough.
Eddie.
God, get off me.
Ow!
Fuck.
Nice of Rick to show up.
Singers don't rock up to sound check.
Sound check's easy.
He'll probably be laid up
with some random girl
full of dope and beer,
dead to the world.
You got that part right.
Which part?
That part about him being dead.
- Rick's dead.
- Mm hmm.
It was so sad.
I cried.
Now...
Who's first?
Eenie meenie minie you.
So we were talking about
escaping and saving the planet?
Aliens.
Plans like a sound to me.
Does anyone have any hair pins?
No, we've been through this,
don't have any hair pins.
Oh.
That?
That's the shit.
Since when did everyone just start
carrying around hair pins?
This is not a thing.
What are you doing?
I'm probing.
Yeah, I can see that.
I mean, why?
For information.
From his butt hole?
From his brain, you retard.
Oh.
No one can be above
the law, not even family.
Oh, her.
So what, you're just gonna go around?
Take her face off.
Yeah, face off.
Take her face off?
The face is coming.
It's just Lois.
One good dash for it and
we're out the front door.
Bit of zig, bit of zag, home free.
We still have to get the data
that I collected from the crash site.
There's no way.
It's gonna be locked up
in evidence somewhere.
That data is our only
hope of saving the world.
Important, right?
We can wing it.
1 don't think one of
your cigar and flamethrower
purchases is gonna cut it this time, d.
We need a proper strategy.
No, I didn't mean I had one.
1 just meant that we needed one.
Ow.
Excellent.
Good work.
Okay, so if I'm reading the map correctly,
the evidence lock up is
just behind this door,
so we're gonna get in, grab the stuff,
and then get back out again.
Okay, got it, follow the leader.
One, two, three.
We may be trapped.
You girls go hide,
I'll draw them out.
I'll meet you at the front.
Go!
Come on, you great steaming Nancy's.
Viva la revolution.
Your friend certainly is brave.
What good's that gonna do her
if she herself killed?
This is it, found it.
Come on.
Wait, what?
- This way.
- Just...
- Oh.
Piece of piss.
Knock knock.
What, fuck it?
You're wrecking it.
You're supposed to say who's there,
and I say...
Your worst nightmare.
Shh.
Then you say, "your worst nightmare who?"
Yeah.
Okay.
Your worst nightmare who?
Your worst nightmare me.
Oh wow, look, oh
my god, check it out.
Look, whoo.
Oh.
Tough crowd.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh.
Oh, that's it, it, oh.
What was that?
I don't think it's anything.
Come on, relax.
It's nothing.
Alpha c r delta.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Whoa, freeze, don't move.
Put the arm down and step
away from the bodies.
You mean us?
Both of you now.
Dont move, don't come any closer.
Dont come any closer.
Look what you did.
You just up and shot us.
Dude, you need therapy.
Ass.
Jesus.
Do you want some?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh.
Will you two stop
playing with your food?
Was that enough power for you
'cause we've about sucked this place dry
of everything that plugs
in or takes batteries.
We shall see.
Thank you, child.
Probably Chinese.
We require more power.
Like I said, we're maxed out
of electric gizmos here, boss.
The transformation of
the old power station
upgraded for more power.
Chaos provides.
Exactly what they've been asking for.
Our commitment for you
as always is to make
sure that your lives are
transformed to the better.
Remember me?
You may not recognize me
because I used to have a face.
I hope you understand
we're gonna have to take yours
as a replacement.
What was that?
That was like mildly
inconvenient at the worst.
Okay, pass me that.
Oh, yeah, that's fine.
Drop it on my...
- Careful with that.
- Geez, sorry.
Anything were to happen
to this stick, it would be bad.
Like I said, luckily, nothing
actually happened to it.
Transport, transferred on six.
What's your message?
Shit's bad.
1425.
You took my face off,
I take your face off.
It's not unreasonable.
Did you throw a knife at my head?
Fuck, I've head enough, going on.
Come out, come out.
Meet your face.
First, I'm gonna peel your
face like citrus fruit,
then I'm gonna cut off
your fingers, one by one,
and stick them up your twat.
Then I'm gonna anal probe
you till you're dead,
and then if you're still not dead,
I'll anal probe you again.
That sounds like so much fun.
Yep.
You talk too much, little dog.
I'll, what...
Mess with the bulls,
you get the horns, bitch.
Dylan, Dylan.
Come here.
What is he doing here?
He believes us now.
Yeah, I saw your cyborg
Minion things up close
and personal so if
you're telling the truth,
or you know, also fucking crazy,
but either way I reckon, you know,
we should stick together.
Did you get the stuff?
Oh yeah.
I can analyze this with my
quantum capacitor at home.
We should go there now.
Well good, easy, we've
got a police escort now.
Yep.
You sit in the front, yeah.
If that isn't enough power
for that ugly middle mole,
I'll eat my left foot.
Good citizens, it's true.
I have solved all of
your worldly problems.
I have the final solution
and I'm gonna share it for...
I'm gonna share.
Crap my life.
What?
Okay, go, go, go, go, go.
Get them!
- Go!
- Quick, quick, quick, go!
Go!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Brake!
- What are you doing?
Oh my.
J can you say how many
people might be annoyed j
j by what you're doing j
j working aware of the sound 2
J don't make a sound j
j all those who have seen j
j treat us disvowed j
j my fate gained hold of me 2»
j my grin so soft »
j you take this life >
j when this is where you belong j
J all you kids
seem to build this »
jis always going »
j solely the team j
j lost in the world 7»
J one more kiss before you decay »
j you see your
faces is running away j
j I crave you more j
j right until this race »
j rigor mortis »
- double trouble?
- Okay.
Yeah.
Dont get too cocky, the
effect is only temporary.
How temporary?
Extremely, let's go.
Yes.
You're supposed to
be at home, young lady.
Oh boy.
Sounds right to me, come on.
Kids, you give 'em a home,
education, you give 'em opportunities
with just a few simple rules to follow
and what happens?
They throw right back in your face.
They embarrass you at every turn
and they cost you a goddamn fortune.
You're the dumb ass who had me.
The amount of self indulgent crapola
I've had to copy my ear holes
of your brat mouth.
Well, it's payback time, Dylan.
The rules have changed.
You'll never embarrass me again.
You're right.
The rules have changed.
That's my hat, bitch.
Come on.
Good citizens, I have
very exciting news,
I, your beloved mayor,
have personally solved
all of your worldly concerns,
I have yet.
And I'm going to share it for free,
so join me right now at city hall
for the final solution
to everything.
My doors are wide open.
Starting a freaking production line.
We're fucked.
I can't get signal.
We're officially on our own.
Pretty used to that.
Why aren't you wearing a shirt?
That's not important.
What is important is that we find
these cyborg Minion thingies,
and we eliminate them permanently.
If not, we're fucked.
Let's not very constructive, Eddie.
You know, we can find you a shirt.
That alien secretion
kills them permanently.
She's right.
Turns 'em straight to ooze.
It's totally their kryptonite.
Hey, it's even green, want some?
That sounds like our best option.
Yeah.
Let's roll with that.
Only people wearing
shirts get a say, Sam.
Oh my god, leave him alone.
Yeah, I mean, if he doesn't
wanna wear a shirt then...
He doesn't have to wear a shirt.
You know, I think
we're getting sidetracked
from the main issue.
My vote goes in some
form of reckless violence.
We haven't even tried
communicating with it yet.
You're a glass half full
kind of person, aren't you?
Forget all that.
We're gonna load up the car with supplies
and we're gonna get out of
here while we still can.
We'll had to Sandy or Sydney,
and the Navy seals will take the case.
This is their kind of bag, not ours.
We can't
abandon all these people.
Why not?
Could you live with yourself
knowing you didn't even
try to save anyone?
We did try,
and that's more than any of them
would do for us.
Who says?
Life says.
The world says, Eddie.
You know, every man for himself.
Fuck all of that.
You and I look after each other
like we always have.
Maybe this is the end
that the world needs.
Maybe it'll be better off
without any rich fucking
white old men in change.
God, not every old man out there
is your dad, Dylan.
This is their world,
Eddie, not ours.
Let the aliens take it.
You can't mean that.
Why not?
There's no point in fighting any more.
That's the only point.
Shit happens.
It's life, it's amess,
and it's out of control.
It tries to hurt us and break us
every single day,
so you wanna hurt it back.
I get it.
Smash everything, let the world burn,
but you can't.
I get that you think that you don't
have any other choice,
but you do.
So right here, right now tonight.
You decide who you are.
So who are you gonna be?
Who are you gonna be, Dylan?
Nobody more, Eddie.
Viva la revolution, right?
That's what you've always said.
The hell was that?
Et phone home.
Is that a signal?
Yeah, a powerful one.
Jam it.
What?
Use the computer to jam the signal.
How can a laptop do that?
1 don't know, just reverse
the polarity or something.
Reverse the polarity of what?
I don't know, I don't
even know what polarity is.
Just, we need to get a far away
as possible from that thing.
How much power do
you think that's using?
Hard to say exactly.
Roughly?
Lots.
Well, it cant be
getting that much power
from car batteries and radios and stuff.
The power grid.
It must have hooked into the power grid.
Dylan.
You've got that face.
I love it when you get that face.
What are you guys standing around for?
It's time to kick the
tires, light the fire.
J we're falling from
the hits and the last j»
j that once was
j the sky is falling
down on you and me 2»
j the sky is falling up j
j oh, cant you see »
j sky is falling down
on you and me 2»
j I'm the only one
out here how can see »
without me, you can find the
crash site from here, yeah?
Yes.
Good.
You three go and collect
all the alien slime.
What are we meant to do with it?
Throw handfuls of it?
1 gotabetter idea.
We're gonna weaponize that shit.
You can handle that, right?
'Course, I'm a genius.
Good.
You three go, I'll meet
you at the puppy farm.
Wait, hold on, wait,
where are you going?
I'm gonna cut this
alien bitch's power supply
off at its source,
so you need to distract it from me.
You got this?
Yeah.
I know kung fu, remember?
And what about you, you
ready to kick the tires,
light some fires?
Bitch.
I was born ready.
J canon ball and
down town, down, down 2»
And don't apocalypse us.
Did you forget about me?
I don't forget about.
You hurt my feelings.
Gonna let you live for a while.
Why don't you know what it's like
not to have a face.
Are you gonna bark
all day, little bitch,
or are you gonna bite?
That's gonna be a little bit stingy.
Bit stingy.
Look who's dead.
And put it in there.
And one more for good luck.
Yeah.
I think we're
gonna need a bigger quiche.
More power.
Contact established.
Relaying coordinates.
Sending, sending.
Soon we will be many.
She hasn't cut the power lines yet.
We need to buy her some more time.
Reckless violence.
Definitely reckless violence.
Don't break, whoa, whoa,
just hold your horses there.
What the fuck?
Let's maybe think of a plan
that doesn't get us
all immediately killed.
Maybe we could do some flanking
or maybe like a pincer retreat?
You know, you go around that way,
and I go around this way,
and we just, kinda just spit balling here.
You can give me a hand.
Sounds like cardio.
I don't do cardio.
Okay.
What do you think?
Crap my life.
I come in peace.
On behalf of mankind,
I'd like to welcome you
to our world and come
to a mutual understand.
We can all be friends.
What the?
She's gonna get us all killed
with this Star Trek bull shit.
Do you understand
the concept of friendship?
It's one of mankind's
most noble qualities.
You wish to make friends with me?
Yes.
Friends.
We can be friends.
We do not make friends with our food.
No, we can find a way.
There is no way.
There is only chaos.
Be quick stripe, chaos, yeah!
Excuse me, I think I
wanna murder you now.
Boom, baby.
All right, bitch.
You wanna fight?
Yeah?
Oh my.
Game on, mol.
Pointy.
Barbed wire in the butt?
Don't move, baby.
It's tango.
This is bullshit.
Take this.
Oh, my hair.
Eat rubber.
That hurt.
I know kung fu.
This is what you get, mother fuckers!
Endo apocalypso.
Did we just save the world?
I think we just saved the world.
Fuck yeah.
Yeah.
When will you punks understand,
you can't fight city hall?
I brought muffins.
I love muffins.
So did we save the world?
Darn tooting we did.
You are already a child of chaos.
Join me.
Dylan, help!
Eddie.
Dylan.
I got you, you son of a bitch.
J wasn't so bright »
j you left me behind 2
j deep scars to remind me 2»
j what did you do»
j the things you did 2»
j you stole my heart »
j and stopped beating 2»
j happy to kill you j
j so happy to kill you 2»
j you flaming cunt 2
j keep at last, so you stay 2»
j keep at last,
so happy to kill »
j and save us all, you »
Dylan.
We got company.
Well, let's roll out the welcome wagon.
Let's show these metal sons of bitches
whq's the law around here.
J the devil got a pretty
girl free, that's me j
jwithalittle bird
with a wholesome beak j
j little bitty nothing
on the popular front 2
j and a fucking little birds
j are gonna run you down Jr
j always picking the scouts »
j pretty's gonna get you 2»
j gonna cut her off 2»
j sleeps all day and night 2»
j pretty's gonna get you 2»
j coming round, bout to
get reckless tonight 2»
J got the other boys,
gonna make some noise »
j if ahit abitch, too,
with a weapon's choice j
j I see the law j
take two.
Ah.
You said all of your lines
before I could say mine.
You're so fucking slow.
It's like you've got a problem.
J stock of the night 2»
j pretty's gonna get you 2»
j coming round, bout to
get reckless tonight 2»
fuck.
No.
Shit!
J there is nothing
more that can do »
what the fuck?
Shit.
Fuck yeah.
Yeah.
J the devil got a pretty
girl free, that's me j
j made a little pound
and the pops are free
j little bitty nothing
in a burial site 2
j gonna fuck and love 'em j
j gonna fuck you down 2»
j pretty little scabs
j pretty's gonna get you 2»
j gonna cut her off 2»
j she's so dynamite 2
j pretty's gonna get you 2»
j coming round, bout to
get hammered tonight »
Good boy.
Fuck your stupid knee, bitch.